// This is a story that everyone can add to. 
// Add a section and then submit a pull request so that it 
// becomes a part of the original and someone else can add the next part!

Once upon a time in a universe far away (well any universe is going to be far away from this reality), there lived a unicorn.

On warm-summer days like these you can find Ewenee in her favourite park you can see the beautiful pink grass being fanned 
by a gentle breeze, the rich scenery provided by the tall overpowering mountains, the rustling sound made by the leaves of the purple exotic trees.
See Ewenee (or Yuni) was enjoying her day out in the sun. she was sat down on an indistinctable wooden bench 
that she had grown familiar with during her lonely childhood. 

"Gosh today is so nice, I wonder what they're up to?" she muttered to herself. Being in a family of 100 is surprisingly lonely.
she was always like this ever since she was an infant, always having conversations with herself. By the time she reached the age of 3 she  already knew alot about 
the world. The different sounds the birds made, the shapes of rocks that she had climbed, the faces of the people she saw,  the family members that she had lost. 
from a young age she was already very aware of the things around her.


Ewenee was sat in their beautiful pink grass that was being fanned by a gentle summer breeze as she is by the sea side...

They contemplated a strange, unidentified animal playing with rocks

Light laughs the breeze in her castle of sunshine; babbles the bee in a stolid ear...


They contemplated a strange, unidentified animal playing with rocks...

Suddenly, there was a loud bang, and Ewenee hid under a nearby tree.

A hail of bullets and meteroites tore up the land from the Skies above

They were the first being who played dotes...

Ewenee was hit by one the of the meteroites so hard they where all but obliterated from this plane of existance.

The next day, Ewenee went outside again.

As Ewenee sat enjoying the pleasant afternoon weather a boeing 747 fell out of the sky like some kind of unholy meteor, and crushed poor Ewenee.

And thats the tale of the last unicorn.


Ewenee woke up from thier dream and realised that unicorns arent real and they were just a horse. 


This was a wonderful story!


(c)Copyright 2019
